Once upon a time, there was a brillant princess. She was a young and successful
researcher in artificial intelligence.

One night, she goes to the grand Kingdom University Bal. There, she encounters 
a beautiful, radiant girl. They instantly lock gazes and fall in love with each
other.

But when midnight strikes, the mysterious girl suddenly runs! The princess pulls
out her phone and try to take a picture of her, but in the rush, she could only
get her shoe.

The princess languishes. But she remembers the DeepShoe paper, which can
reconstruct the github handle of a person from a simple picture of a shoe! How
fortunate!

She downloads the repository. The tool requires Python, which she already has.
Excited, she starts the script. But there's a problem. She figures out she needs
Python2, but has Python3. The two can coexit, and using her system package
manager, she installs python2, and tries again.

Now, the python bindings to opencv, an image processing library, are now missing.
Using the python package manager, she installs it, and tries again. But it
still fails with the strangest error. After a lengthy investigation, she finds
out the python bindings depends on a system installation of opencv 1.14, while
she has 2.0 installed.

To hell the other packages that depends on opencv! For love, she uninstalls the system
package and tries to install the right version. She moves heaven and
earth to find a solution. She tries to use her system package manager. She tries
to install it from a script. She tries to build it from the repository. Without success.

The end

-- slides

2 end
Have ever felt like
this princess? Unable to build a project locally. Unable to distribute your app
in different environments. Messing up a system by upgrading a shared library.
This is a sad story, but it is not an unchangeable fate. 

3
moral

reproducibility which I will loosely define as the ability (pause) to reproduce
the process of building and running a program on any system that meet the basic
requirements.

system package manager: aptitude, pacman, homebrew that handle global
installation and not project specific one

4. pass directly, simplify

15. discours commit

  . limits : reword

Nix Expressions (What to say)

22. dont speak functional programming before.

23. JSON + Lambda: discourse

24. inputs are dependencies

26. discourse (NixOS module system, blah)

27. discourse: Nickel is spin-off of the Nix language which tries to overcome
its shortcomings.

Configuration languages parts?

28. Contrat / Schema

33. "If we don't do anything more, blah, whatever?" -> discourse on if we don't
do something else

34. To solve this problem?

35. and the contract location definition

36-37 transition to custom contracts
